Newsela`s Back-to-school Benchmarks has a total of three articles and 24 multiple-choice-quiz questions pera grade level. Students must complete all three articles in the initial weeks of school to begin to explore a library of Newsela content at their just right reading level.To use Back-to-School Benchmarks, you must have your students join Newsela. Click here to add your students.Once your students are registered click on the title of the article below. After you are in the article, use the "Assign" function on the top of the page, select the class you`re teaching and add any instructions you`d like to give your students. Finally, click "Assign". You`re all set!
“Safety from what? Who`s after me?" "Oh, nobody much," Grover said, obviously still miffed about the donkey comment. "Just the Lord of the Dead and a few of his blood-thirstiest minions.” ― Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief. Use this Text Set to learn more about the world of Percy Jackson and the Lightning Thief! This fantasy-adventure novel is based on Greek mythology, as are the first row of articles. You can read all about the legend of Perseus, the origin of Greek gods and goddesses, and the hero`s journey. The last two rows of articles give more information about key topics and themes in the book covers. Learn about what actually causes lightning and define ADHD. Discover where ancient coins were used and debate how children should get from place to place. Together with your class, join Percy on his adventures and explore this fantastic world with this Text Set!
“The world isn`t just the way it is. It is how we understand it, no? And in understanding something, we bring something to it, no? Doesn`t that make life a story?” -Yann MartelWhat would you do if you were the only human survivor of a shipwreck and you had to share a lifeboat with a fearsome Bengal tiger? This is the very situation young Pi Patel finds himself in. Read more about Pi`s religious exploration, his homeland, and the company he keeps as he fights to survive.